# Official Site for the Zoo Ryd3r Cup

## Draft Pick and Keeper Eligibility Tracker via Trades:

None at the moment (hopefully will change soon)

## New Rules:

**IR Reserve**

An extra roster spot will be added to allow for IR players (see below from ESPN Fantasy):
- ESPN Fantasy Football uses the NFL's official injury/inactive list to update a players' injury status
- If the player in question on your team was recently put on IR, the system will register that change shortly
- After the IR tag appears next to that player's name, you'll be able to send him to an IR slot on your roster
 
 **Keeper Rule (written by TWF):**
 
 Starting this season (2019), Two players (maximum at any time) will be keeper-eligible for an unlimited amount of time if the player adheres to these requirements:

1. The drafted player receives a Madden score of 89 overall or less on the current season’s Madden rankings (First Madden rankings released to the public will be the only list taken into consideration).

2. The drafted player is a rookie entering his first season into the NFL. (Rookies are exempt from the Madden Rule).

To reiterate, any player selected in this year's draft is keeper-eligible if they received an 89 OVR, or less, on the Madden 20 ranking list. Drafted rookies, however, will be keeper-eligible despite their Madden score. It is important to note that the Madden Rankings will be released each year before the draft, which offers each owner an appropriate amount of time to make strategic keeper and drafting decisions. Additionally, owners will be provided with a list of players who will not be keeper-eligible once the Madden Rankings are released to the public. This responsibility falls under the purview of Commissioner Tiny.

Under the instances of trades and waiver wire acquisitions, the same rules will apply. Each owner will have the option to keep two players, despite the method of addition, so long as the players abide by the Madden Rule, and the players are officially listed on the owner's roster by the end of each fantasy season. Trades during the offseason are encouraged.

*NOTE: Should Madden terminate production at any time, owners will be allowed to ubmit new keeper parameters to be voted on by the entire league per usual.* 

**Draft Lottery Selection**
Names will be generated by the `draft-pick_order_selection` script based on the below probabilities. Players will be allowed to choose their pick in the order of the output

- 8th worst record: 33%
- 7th worst record: 20%
- 6th worst record: 15%
- 5th worst record: 10%
- 4th place: 8%
- 3rd place: 6%
- 2nd place: 5%
- 1st place: 3%
 
## Prize Allocations
1st: $500
2nd: $133
3rd: $43
 
## Punishment
Denny's - 18 hours
 
## Appendix

 Rule Results 2019:
1) STANDARD SCORING (4v4 tie - default to current rule)
2) 1 QB (6v2)
3) KEEP 1 POINT BONUS FOR 40+ YARDS (6v2)
4) NO -1 PENALTY FOR PAT (4v4 - default to current rule)
5) ALLOW IR SPOT (7v1)
6) NO VOTING ON TRADES (6v2)

- Pick 1: Tommy
- Pick 2: Ted
- Pick 3: Park
- Pick 4: Skyler
- Pick 5: Brad
- Pick 6: Darren
- Pick 7: Aaron
- Pick 8: Danswer
 
 # May the best Ryd3r Ryd3!
